W-14038254-TelemetryExporter-SY (#257)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/include-nav-telemetry-exporter.adoc

. In the Anypoint Monitoring navigation menu, select *Data Exporter*. 
+

> The *Data Exporter* page appears, showing the *Configurations* tab. 

Author: ```suggestion
. In the Anypoint Monitoring navigation menu, select *Telemetry Exporter*. 
+
The *Telemetry Exporter* page appears, showing the *Configurations* tab. 
```
